hey everyone I'm Rene Ritchie and right
now I'm giving you a tour of my podcast
studio two point oh so starting over
here we have a standing desk now I
didn't get one of those fancy standing
desks I got two separate ikea shelves
put the wheels on them they're a good
height they work fine they have lots of
storage like for comic books and things
they work perfectly well here I have a
stand i used to use it for my macbook
pro i'm using it just for the keyboard
now because that's all I really need
I'll show you why in a second over here
I have the same halo microphone I've
been using for a while I did upgrade to
the new holder for it because my old one
broke but this one is a nice more
compact piece over here I have the same
logitech 920 camera that i've been using
it's on a tripod right now i will be
changing that in the near future i'll
tell you why in a few minutes here i
have an apple LED display this is just
so i can set things up before the show
starts magic trackpad because once you
go track that you just can't go back to
mouse I'm sorry if you're an aficionado
but you just can't do it underneath here
I have the headphones these are the over
the ear headphones I use when I'm doing
audio podcasts they are the same ones i
was using previously i also have in ear
headphones when i'm doing macbreak
weekly or the iron war show i still love
the ultimate ears because they have this
clip which makes them much less likely
to fall out I use these for debug
iterate vector all the other shows
spinning around a little bit I've got
another set of ikea shelves here which i
use sort of like set decoration if we
start at the corner here this is just
fun this is batman arkham asylum because
legos great and batman is great and
together it's like chocolate and peanut
butter what could be better here we are
the first generation ipad mini and the
first generation ipad bunch of canon
camera equipment i never knew where to
store this and some people said just
store it in your camera bag but here at
least it's visually interesting i can
get to it quickly i'm taking shots fry
more and other things you have the first
generation apple TV in the second
generation apple TV and their respective
controllers over here i have all the
different iphones from the original
iphone iphone 3g iphone 4 4 s iphone 5
back there but the Steve Jobs plushie
and the Steve Jobs action figure and a
couple hue lights they use the hue
lights for the background lighting on
the podcast stage here have a variety of
other phone that my old palm pre palm
pre plus nokia 1020 blackberry z10 and a
nexus 5 i use those to test for example
the I'm or app on Android or just to
keep up with the other platforms down
here of a variety of wearables
quote-unquote including you know iPods I
have the Pebble watch the ipod nano
watch and i have a bunch of different
fitness bracelets all different stuff
like test out on occasion here we have a
cheese grater mac pro the original
nehalem mac pro used to be on my desk
now it's part of the set-dressing ipad 2
that I use sometimes to read show notes
and things over here is just a poor
Wonder Woman down here I have a
collection of other stuff including some
extra audio equipment i'm not using
right now I switch to the apogee one as
an audio interface so I'm actually get
rid of a lot of stuff i have an AirPrint
printer i just test occasionally under
truck tible power supply and some badges
from trade shows past circling around I
have bicolor lighting I don't know how
well they'll come through on the video
but that lets me do both white and
yellow light so I can balance them to
match the other lighting in the room i
also have a big Samsung television that
I use while i'm doing the video shows
especially macbreak weekly and the I
more show so i can see everyone else
it's not an ideal setup because i'm
looking through the camera which can
give me a lot of eye strain later so
what I want to do for three point 0 for
the studio is actually either get a
floating desk element or get another
shelf move this monitor here put this on
top of that and remove that shelf and TV
from the setup if you guys have any
ideas for what would work right there
tell me also i have several shelves here
that still need to be filled so if you
have ideas for great tech or great cool
gadgets or just fun stuff in general put
there also let me know so right now this
is where I'm podcasting from this is my
studio I'm Renee from I'm more calm for
more great videos check me out on
youtube com / I'm or video or follow me
on twitter at Rene Ritchie